
Sample data
//////////
[
{
name: 'Bean',
category: 'Legumes',
cropImg:'https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1612504258838-fbf14fe4437d?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1374&q=80',
background: 'Beans are one of the oldest crops in the world. They have been cultivated for thousands of years in different regions of the world, such as Africa, Asia, Europe, and the Americas. Beans have played an important role in human history as a staple food and a source of income for many civilizations. Beans have also been used for medicinal purposes and as symbols of fertility and luck34.',
usability: 'Food: Beans can be cooked and eaten as a vegetable or a main dish. They can also be processed into products such as flour, oil, milk, tofu, tempeh, miso, and natto. Beans can be combined with other foods such as rice, corn, wheat, or meat to create balanced meals. Beans can also be used to make soups, salads, dips, spreads, sauces, and desserts',
requirement: 'Climate: Beans prefer warm weather for the most part, though this may depend on the variety. The ideal temperature range for beans is 20-25°C. High temperatures may cause poor flower development and pod formation. Low temperatures may cause slow germination and growth. Frost may damage or kill the plants. Beans also need adequate rainfall or irrigation during the flowering and pod-filling stages2 .Soil: Beans prefer well-drained soil with a pH of 6.0-6.5. The soil should be rich in organic matter and have good aeration and water-holding capacity. The soil should also be free of weeds, pests, diseases, and nematodes that may affect the bean plants2 .Sunlight: Beans need at least 6 hours of full sun per day for optimal photosynthesis and growth. Shading may reduce the yield and quality of
the beans',

seedBed: 'Keep the soil somewhat moist after planting your seeds. In 4-10 days, the seeds should start to germinate.',

sowing: 'Plant the bean seeds directly into the soil about 9-12 inches away from each other',

pestAndDisease: 'Plant disease free seed or treat seed with an antibiotic to reduce levels of bacterium; rotate crops to non-hosts every 2 years; plow bean debris deeply in soil after harvest',

harvesting: 'Beans should be ready to harvest as soon as 65 days after planting. When beans are ready to harvest, the seeds inside the pod are not quite full size. Harvestable beans should snap easily off the plant, and stored in airtight containers for up to four days after harvest',

postHarvest: 'pods when the crop begins maturing to a yellow-ripe stage.For varieties such as NABE 12C that fetch good prices for fresh pods, harvest the harvesting. A crop being harvested for seed should be left to dry completely before Beans should not over stay in the feld after maturing, as pests such as bean bruchids may gain entry into the pods or pods may start shattering in the feld. Harvests should be done when conditions are dry and cool. of a farm.Harvesting in wet conditions may transfer disease pathogens to uninfested areas yield losses'
},
{
name: 'maize',
category: 'cereal',
cropImg:'https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1604343574001-a9d95eb6384a?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1374&q=80',
background: 'Maize also known as corn in North American and Australian English, is a cereal grain first domesticated by indigenous peoples in southern Mexico about 10,000 years ago.The leafy stalk of the plant gives rise to inflorescences which produce pollen and separate ovuliferous inflorescences called ears that when fertilized yield kernels or seeds, which are botanical fruits. The term maize is preferred in formal, scientific, and international usage as the common name because it refers specifically to this one grain whereas corn refers to any principal cereal crop cultivated in a country. For example, in North America and Australia corn is often used for maize, but in England and Wales it can refer to wheat or barley, and in Scotland and Ireland to oats.',
usability: 'Maize is generally used for animal feed. It is widely processed into various types of products such as cornmeal, grits, starch, flour, tortillas, snacks, and breakfast cereals. Maize flour is used to make chapatis or flat breads which are eaten mainly in a few Northern states of India',
requirement: 'Maize requires well-drained soils with a good supply of nutrients and moisture. It cannot withstand even a slight degree of waterlogging and therefore can be killed if stands in water for a day. Preferred soil for maize production should also be deep, well-aerated with moderate pH 5.5-6.5, and rich in organic matters',

seedBed: 'Maize fields will normally be ploughed followed by seedbed preparation leaving a reasonably fine surface tilth at least 7.5 cm deep. ',

sowing: 'Maize is sown in rows, 60-75 cm apart, whereas the plants in the row are spaced at 20 to 25 cm. A population of 60-75 thousand plants per hectare at harvest are required for obtaining the optimum yield. Sowing in rows is generally done with drill or by dropping the seed behind the plough',

pestAndDisease: 'Foliar spraying, seed treatments, crop residue management, crop rotation, and a balanced nutrient and water supply for the plants.',

harvesting: 'Mechanized harvesting of maize is done with corn-pickers, corn-shellers or combine-harvesters. Still in use, but with decreasing frequency, are simple corn-snappers, which do only harvesting of ears. Corn-pickers are machines that simultaneously harvest and shuck ears',

postHarvest: 'Many farmers will lay their kernels out in the sun to dry for a few days following shelling. By completely drying the kernels, farmers are less like to lose grains to rot and the carcinogenic toxin alfatoxin, which is produced by fungi, is less likely to form'
}
]

/////////